style guide alignment and tidy (#371)
compose-spec/compose-spec: 11-extension.md

     https_proxy: $https_proxy
```

> The `nodeinfo` and `echoit` services both use the `x-function` extension, then set their specific image and environment. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `nodeinfo` and `echoit` services both include the `x-function` extension via the `&function` anchor, then set their specific image and environment. 
```
